Requirements for native integration with AmazonSQS (#5172)
Particular/docs.particular.net: transports/sqs/native-integration.md

It can sometimes be useful to access the native Amazon SQS message from behaviors and handlers. When a message is received, the transport adds the native message [`Amazon.SQS.Model.Message`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkfornet/v3/apidocs/items/SQS/TMessage.html) to the message processing context. Use the code below to access the message details from a [pipeline behavior](/nservicebus/pipeline/manipulate-with-behaviors.md):

snippet: sqs-access-to-native-message

> ### Message type detection
> 
> The main requirement NServiceBus has to process a message, is [the message type](/nservicebus/messaging/message-type-detection.md).
> When the SQS transport detects that the incoming message is not originating from an NServiceBus endpoint, it will inspect the native message's attributes for an attribute with name `MessageTypeFullName`.
> If that attribute is available, the SQS transport can try to deserialize the message into that type and process it.
> 
> The transport will also verify if there's an attribute available with key `S3BodyKey`, when available, it can use its value to retrieve the body of the message from an SQS S3 bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Message type detection

NServiceBus requires the [the message type](/nservicebus/messaging/message-type-detection.md) to be available as part of the message metadata to process a message successfully. 

During message processing, the SQS transport inspects the native message attributes for an attribute with the name `MessageTypeFullName` and a value representing a full type name (i.ex `Sales.OrderAccepted`). If the attribute is present, the message is treated as a native message, and the body is deserialized into the target type represented by `MessageTypeFullName`. 

The native message body is loaded from the configured [S3 bucket](transports/sqs/configuration-options.md#s3bucketforlargemessages) when the message attribute contains an attribute with the key `S3BodyKey` and the value representing an S3 object key, including the [necessary prefix](/transports/sqs/configuration-options.md#s3bucketforlargemessages-s3keyprefix) as configured by the receiving endpoint.
```
